[Music]
you'll never throw away banana peels
after watching this
I bet you never thought that banana
peels could be good for anything other
than slapstick comedy gags or an
effective weapon in Mario Kart it may
come as a surprise to you but banana
peels are one of the best fertilizers
out there in fact they're a rich source
of nutrients and contain loads of
minerals such as potassium phosphorus
and calcium that are essential for your
plants health there are a couple of
methods you can try to see what works
best
first of all mix some banana peels into
your compost pile and they'll add the
necessary potassium and phosphorus to
promote root development brewing a sort
of compost tea is also a great option
just drop a few peels into a bucket full
of water and let it sit for a couple of
days then mix one part banana peel tea
with five parts fresh water and water
your plants with this mixture once a
week if you want something quick and
easy then make a banana peel spray this
time you'll need a few other ingredients
as well apart from the banana peels
you'll need some eggshells Epsom salt
and water dry the banana peels and
eggshells and once they're all dried up
grind them together put them in a spray
bottle along with the absum salt
and fill the sprayer with water make
sure to spray the mixture on your plants
once a week
finally you can make a banana peel
vinegar that's great for blueberries and
other acid loving plants put the peels
in a mason jar and submerge them with
water then cover the jar with a cloth
and rubber band or a loosely fitting lid
let the mixture sit for a week to unlock
the nutrients in the peel after a week
remove the peels and allow the water to
sit covered until the mixture ferments
into a vinegar if the mixture seems
especially potent dilute it with water
right before using so you don't
accidentally burn your plants
and here are a couple of other reasons
why you should keep your banana peels
get rid of acne banana peels contain
lots of important skin boosting elements
and minerals that help reduce
inflammation fight off the appearance of
pimples and fade acne scarring start by
washing your face and then gently rub
the inside of the peel all over your
skin for about five to ten minutes leave
the banana paste on your face for
another ten minutes to make sure your
skin absorbs all the necessary nutrients
you can then wash it off with cold water
use this treatment once or twice a week
and you'll notice a visible improvement
in your complexion you can also add
lemon juice to the mix since it's great
at brightening the skin and fading scars
to do this mash up some banana peels
beforehand and then combine 1 tablespoon
of mashed peels with one tablespoon of
lemon juice use the final mixture as a
spot treatment and leave it on your
troublesome areas for about 10 to 15
minutes then rinse it off with warm
water repeat this once or twice a week
as well and these aren't the only banana
peel recipes for skin care out there so
it's not that difficult to find one that
will work perfectly for your skin whiten
your teeth we all dream of having a
beautiful Hollywood smile so we spend
our hard-earned money on special
toothpastes whitening strips or even
dental procedures to help our teeth look
incredible but there are so many home
remedies that can help you whiten your
teeth quickly and naturally banana peels
can help you out with that too to see
the amazing results for yourself rub the
inside of the peel against your teeth
until they become covered in the
delicious banana paste just don't lick
it off leave this paste on your teeth
for about 10 to 15 minutes and try to
keep your mouth open so the paste can
really do its job then just wet your
toothbrush and brush the stuff off your
teeth for the best results do this every
single day polish your shoes if you live
in an area with seasonal rain or snow
you know how difficult it can be to keep
your shoes looking shiny and new
but before you go out and buy some shoe
polisher why not try using banana peels
that's right
they'll give you the exact same effect
making your shoes look clean and brand
spanking new to achieve this natural and
cost-effective result rub the inner
lining of the banana skin all over your
shoes just like you would with your
regular shoe polish once that's done
buff the shoes with the soft white cloth
and voila your kicks look amazing again
within just a couple of seconds see
and you thought banana peels are just
garbage polish tarnish silver the
polishing superpowers of banana peels
aren't just limited to teeth and shoes
they're also highly effective at shining
up things made of silver
you'll need some banana peels and water
for this recipe first off put the peels
in a bit of water in a blender to make a
paste once it's ready take a toothbrush
and scrub your silver items with the
blended paste for about five to ten
minutes then simply dip your silver
pieces in some water to get rid of any
leftover residue and dry them with a
clean cloth you'll immediately notice
the silver will look shiny and bright
again this effect will last for a long
time but once it starts to fade you can
simply repeat the procedure and bring
the shine right back to your silver
possessions again reduce eye puffiness
pretty much all of us these days lead a
hectic lifestyle of constant work or
study that doesn't leave much time for
sleep and unfortunately one of the signs
of our poor sleeping habits is right
smack dab on our face puffy eyes and
dark circles before you go out and buy
some overpriced eye cream or concealer
you guessed it grab a banana of course
you should chow down on the fruit first
because you'll just need the
potassium-rich peel it'll work wonders
by removing excess salt which in turn
will reduce unwanted puffiness all
you'll need is a fresh banana peel and
some aloe vera gel mix them together
into a smooth paste and dab it around
your eyes leave the paste on for 15 to
20 minutes so that it can do its magic
and when the time's up wash it away with
cold water use this treatment once or
twice a week to look fresh as a daisy
fight depression banana peels can
actually help you overcome depression
and lift your mood it seems impossible
I know because banana peels definitely
aren't appetizing but according to
researchers banana peel extract can help
you deal with depression because if it's
a fact on your brains production of the
hormone serotonin which is responsible
for balancing your mood and emotions
it's suggested that eating two banana
peels a day for three days straight can
increase serotonin levels by 16% some
people prefer to boil banana peels
instead of eating them raw or even
blending them with other fruits to make
them at least a little bit more tasty in
Asian countries banana peels are usually
fried so you have a lot of options on
how you can eat them besides boosting
your brains happy hormone banana peels
also improve digestion immune health and
energy levels as well as lower the risk
of diabetes so maybe it's worth giving
it a try
soothe bug bites any of you get the
feeling that you're some kind of
mosquito magnet and your blood is made
of like maple syrup or something thumbs
up if you can relate as you know when
you get bitten by a bug your skin starts
to itch that's basically your immune
systems reaction to the bite and if you
would like to soothe the itch the
natural way use a banana peel just rub
the bite with the inside of the peel and
its anti-inflammatory effects will help
reduce the swelling and get rid of the
redness and itching if you need an even
stronger remedy grab some banana peels
rose water and ice scrape the banana II
stuff off the peels add a little rose
water to create a paste and apply the
mixture to the bite take a clean cloth
fill it with ice cubes and wrap it
around the bitten area leave this
compress on your skin for 20 to 30
minutes and then rinse the area with
water
it'll help reduce the pain do you know
any other little known uses of banana
peels tell us in the comment section
below don't forget to hit the like
button and share this video with all
your banana loving friends join us on
the bright side of life
so you won't miss a thing
you